Build poll jobs for the latest deployment and release (#2039)
hashicorp/waypoint: .changelog/2039.txt

```release-note:improvement

> core: Always generate status reports for latest deployment and release if present

Reviewer: ```suggestion
core: App status polling will always queue status reports refresh jobs for latest deployment and release if present
```
